a;Bard 0;Conjuration,Calling;acid;Somatic;Animal;1 Standard Action;Personal;b;Instantaneous;None,;No;c;asd;
spell name;Cleric 2;Conjuration,Healing;lawful;Verbal, Somatic;Healing;1 Standard Action;Personal;you;Instantaneous;None,;Yes;Heals;heals you alot;
a;Bard 0;Abjuration,None;cold;Material;Death;1 Standard Action;Personal;aa;Instantaneous;None,;No;hhhh;h;

fireball;Sorcerer 3, Wizard 3;Evocation,None;fire;Verbal, Somatic, Material;;1 Standard Action;Long;Area (radio 20 pies);Instantaneous;Half,Reflex;Yes;1d6 fire damage per caster level (maximum 10d6) to every creature within the area; A fireball spell is an explosion of flame that detonates with a low roar and deals 1d6 points of fire damage per caster level (maximum 10d6) to every creature within the area. Unattended objects also take this damage. The explosion creates almost no pressure.You point your finger and determine the range (distance and height) at which the fireball is to burst. A glowing, pea-sized bead streaks from the pointing digit and, unless it impacts upon a material body or solid barrier prior to attaining the prescribed range, blossoms into the fireball at that point. (An early impact results in an early detonation.) If you attempt to send the bead through a narrow passage, such as through an arrow slit, you must “hit” the opening with a ranged touch attack, or else the bead strikes the barrier and detonates prematurelyThe fireball sets fire to combustibles and damages objects in the area. It can melt metals with low melting points, such as lead, gold, copper, silver, and bronze. If the damage caused to an interposing barrier shatters or breaks through it, the fireball may continue beyond the barrier if the area permits; otherwise it stops at the barrier just as any other spell effect does.;
Chill Touch;Sorcerer 1, Wizard 1;Necromancy,None;;Verbal, Somatic;;1 Standard Action;Touch;Creature or creatures touched (up to one/level);Instantaneous;See Text,;Yes;One touch/level deals 1d6 damage and possibly 1 Str damage.; A touch from your hand, which glows with blue energy, disrupts the life force of living creatures. Each touch channels negative energy that deals 1d6 points of damage. The touched creature also takes 1 point of Strength damage unless it makes a successful Fortitude saving throw. You can use this melee touch attack up to one time per level.An undead creature you touch takes no damage of either sort, but it must make a successful Will saving throw or flee as if panicked for 1d4 rounds +1 round per caster level.;
Unseen Servant;Sorcerer 1, Wizard 1;Conjuration,Creation;;Verbal, Somatic, Material;;1 Standard Action;Close;next to you;1 hour/level;None,;No;One invisible, mindless, shapeless servant;An unseen servant is an invisible, mindless, shapeless force that performs simple tasks at your command. It can run and fetch things, open unstuck doors, and hold chairs, as well as clean and mend. The servant can perform only one activity at a time, but it repeats the same activity over and over again if told to do so as long as you remain within range. It can open only normal doors, drawers, lids, and the like. It has an effective Strength score of 2 (so it can lift 20 pounds or drag 100 pounds). It can trigger traps and such, but it can exert only 20 pounds of force, which is not enough to activate certain pressure plates and other devices. It can’t perform any task that requires a skill check with a DC higher than 10 or that requires a check using a skill that can’t be used untrained. Its speed is 15 feet. ;
asd;Sorcerer 3;Conjuration,Creation;chaotic, lawful;Focus;Destruction;1 Standard Action;Close;asdadad;Permanent;Partial,asdasd;No;asd;asdddddd;
prueba;Druid 3;Divination,None;chaotic;Somatic;Chaos;2 Round(s);Long;asd;Instantaneous;Partial,ad;No;ssss;11111111111111111;
